uh
[Music]
welcome to storyflix
in this video we will explain the
aquarium of the dead the film tells the
story of a recreation park that suddenly
turns into a nest of dangerous marine
animals the marine animals suddenly
become aggressive and begin attacking
the management of the amusement park can
they survive the invasion of the sea
animals let's find out in aquarium of
the dead
aquarium of the dead began when two male
employees were assigned by a
veterinarian named karen to prepare for
an anesthetic injection karen intends to
inject the drug into a giant octopus
that exhibits aggressive behavior in
captivity the behavior of the giant
octopus is even more aggressive and it
tries to attack karen the giant octopus
then managed to knock out by bounce with
one of its tentacles then with lightning
speed the giant octopus crawled up from
its captivity and killed the two
employees
the scene then changed by showing
various types of marine animals in a
giant aquarium this park is a special
tourist spot for marine life that has
not yet operated because it is still
under-maintained a scientist named
miranda is researching in her room
miranda seemed surprised by her findings
in the study not long after miranda's
assistant joe came to see her miranda
asked jo to stay in her room while she
went to confirm her findings miranda
then went to the aquarium caretaker
named daniel the man takes care of the
marine animals including providing food
supplies daniel was on a video call on
his laptop when miranda came to his room
it turned out that daniel was
communicating with a veterinarian who
suggested he burned the food supplies
because they contained a substance that
was harmful to the animals the doctor
claimed that the animals that had
already eaten the food showed unnatural
reactions and tended to be aggressive
but daniel does not believe in this
because it has not been proven he
ignored her and went around the aquarium
to feed the animals with his partner
skyler
on the other hand miranda welcomed the
arrival of an important investor named
bayley who came to the recreation park
with his assistant beth the two of them
were going to do a site survey
meanwhile dr karen who managed to escape
from the giant octopus re-enters the
aquarium to warn miranda and the others
because she couldn't find miranda karen
then went to the head of the security
supervisor named clue karen and clue go
straight to the scene where they found
the bodies of two employees who the
giant octopus killed they also found the
sticky mucus of the octopus on the two
corpses clue then called her assistant
named christina via walkie-talkie and
told her to patrol the entire recreation
area to find the giant octopus who had
ran away somewhere karen then returned
to the aquarium and finally met miranda
who was walking down the halls of the
aquarium with bayley and his assistant
karen told the incident about the
octopus who turned aggressive and
attacked her and killed two employees
suddenly the animals in the giant
aquarium began to show strange behavior
and tried to break the giant aquarium
glass the animals turned out to be
aggressive and very strong until the
aquarium glass broke and gallons of
water gushed out to fill the aisles of
the recreation park and feed the marine
life miranda and the others immediately
fled from there
elsewhere plu and christie who had been
searching for the giant octopus grew
panicked and confused by the sudden
power outage it turns out that the power
outage is an automatic system that will
occur if there is a leak in the aquarium
so that no one is electrocuted however
the impact of the power outage then
closed some access to and from the
aquarium location because it uses
automatic doors christy who separated
from clue ran to the aquarium to save
herself unfortunately a sea animal
attacked her
meanwhile joe was in miranda's room he
didn't realize that there was a dolphin
who had been infected with the poisonous
food the dolphin's eyes turned white
joe also found the same sticky mucus
that khloe and karen had found
miranda and the others finally arrived
at a room and went in there to avoid the
attacks of the sea animals bailey and
his assistant then tried to call the
police but their cell phones were left
in the car miranda and karen are
grateful for this because they don't
want this issue to be heard by the
police to avoid bankruptcy
meanwhile clue is already in the control
room which still has backup power
miranda and the others then left the
room to look for clue but as they walked
down the halls of the giant aquarium
they heard the growl of a saltwater
crocodile heading toward them miranda
and the others went into hiding at that
moment miranda realized that the
crocodile's eyes had turned white karen
then said that the animals had
contracted infections similar to zombies
so that their behavior became aggressive
brutal and uncontrollable
elsewhere daniel and skyler look
confused because they can't enter the
giant aquarium because the access is
locked they then argue to find a way to
open the door but in the middle of their
argument daniel is suddenly attacked by
a giant spider crab luckily skyler
rushed to save him although the crab
also attacked him
back in the aquarium miranda and the
others were so focused on the big and
dangerous marine animals that they
didn't notice the tiny marine life like
starfish the tiny sea creature had
suddenly clung to the walls and floor
even to the coat karen was wearing the
tiny animal managed to make miranda and
the other panic
after trying to open the door with an
axe daniel and skylar finally made it
inside through the engine room they are
very curious about what is really going
on in the aquarium
on the other hand miranda contacts clue
via walkie talkie and asks her how to
turn the power back on so they can all
get out of there clue then said that
electricity could be turned on again by
turning on the generator manually
miranda began to make plans to go to the
generator room to turn on the
electricity and determine which path
they would take to avoid the dangerous
sea creatures
on the other hand beth didn't seem to
notice that a starfish had slipped in
her notebook after deliberation they
finally decided to head to the generator
room through the air vent
after walking down the air vent and
moving to another room miranda and the
others finally met daniel and skyler
when they entered miranda's room to look
for something how shocked everyone was
to see joe who had become a corpse due
to being attacked by the infected
dolphin daniel then admits that he did
not obey the words of the female doctor
who advised him to burn the food supply
and still give it to the animals miranda
was furious with daniel because his
carelessness and stupidity had caused
great trouble for the recreation park
miranda didn't want to argue further
with daniel and refocused on their plan
to turn on the electricity generator
the six of them then went back down the
halls of the giant aquarium because that
was the only way to get there however
they have not gone any further because
they faced with dangerous sea creatures
that have been infected they were
surrounded by sea lion and salt water
crocodile they had seen earlier without
thinking skyler immediately took a bold
step by attacking the sea lion
unfortunately because of his
carelessness he died eaten by the sea
lion miranda and the rest then escaped
from there
in the next hallway they were confronted
by sharks lying on the floor they
stepped carefully so as to not wake the
sharks miranda and four others managed
to get past the sharks but when karen
was about to pass the last shark her leg
was suddenly pounced on by a shark
luckily daniel immediately killed the
shark and karen was rescued but luck was
not on clue's side who was in the room
alone because she met the giant octopus
crawling on the ceiling and preying on
her
when she arrived in the other room beth
suddenly felt weak and collapsed after
being examined it turned out that there
was a starfish attached to her body the
starfish sucked all the nutrients in her
body that made her feel weak and died
bailey who was still in shock because of
the death of his assistant turns out to
have to suffer the same fate when a
giant octopus appeared from the ceiling
and preys on him
miranda daniel and karen finally make it
to the generator room daniel is in
charge of taking care of karen whose leg
was injured by the shark miranda then
tried to find the location of the main
generator to turn on the electricity the
plan sounds easy but in reality they
still have to do their best to avoid the
giant octopus attacks that kept stalking
them wherever they go
after struggling hard to avoid the giant
octopus attack miranda finally managed
to find the main generator and turn on
the electricity so that the entire
system in the recreation park returned
to normal miranda could even anticipate
the movement of the octopus and managed
to kill it with an electric shock from a
broken cable
in the end miranda and karen couldn't
help but call the police to report
everything that happened at the
recreation park not long after the
police and paramedics began to arrive
miranda who had harbored her anger at
daniel from the start finally vented it
and punched him until his nose bled the
film ends
[Music]
you